Wolcome to Composer Service SDK V1 Client Sample code 
--------------------------------------------------------

The sample code demonstrate how to produce VDP samples and full PDF VDP processing.
The client communicate with the Composer Server doing the VDP processing. When done, client receive a URL it can download the output PDFs from.

The sample code is supplied in Java using Resteasy client, though any client technology can be used - the calls are simple HTTP calls.


For your convinent, while running, the code printout to standard output all REST calls, including request\resonse json payloads.



Configuration File
======================================
apiBaseUrl - base URL for the APIs - hard coded 

xHpHmacAuthentication - Hmac auth header name - hard coded 
xHpHmacDate -  Hmac date header name - hard coded 
xHpHmacAlgorithm - Hmac Algorithm header name - hard coded 

hmacAlgorithm - SHA256 - hard coded.


Compiling and running the Sample
======================================
This project is a maven java project.
From the sample project root directory run:
mvn install

The compilation result will go to target directory


IDE
======================================
Make sure the command line and working directory is defined properly.

Running
======================================
To run the sample use the following command line from the target folder:

java -jar composer-sdk-sample-code-1.0.jar < hmacKey > < hmacSecret > [ useProxy ] [ proxyHost ] [ roxyPort ] 

hmacKey - hmac key generated by PrintOS
hmacSecret - hmac secret generated by PrintOS
useProxy - not must. can get "true" or "false". if not suppled assume false.
proxyHost - if useProxy is true, then this value is a must - should contain the proxy host name
proxyPort - if useProxy is true, then this value is a must - should contain the proxy port number

For example:
target>java -jar composer-sdk-sample-code-1.0.jar ui4h5o2uih45ouh2o3u45h3ouih45o3u 23j4i234h5io2u34h5o23u5ho3u4h5o2 true my.proxy.com 8080

Folders Structure
======================================
sample-files
Sample Input Files: VDP Templates (hpd), imposition template (impp), data files (txt, csv)

src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\SampleCodeRunner.java - main class executing the examples in this sample code.

target
build target folder

src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\assetUploader
Demonstrate how to upload files using the SDK.

src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\configuration\Configuration.java
Configuration file - see configuration file below

src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\examples
Data structure being used for sample definition


src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\helpers
Helper classes: http client, printout, HMAC

src\main\java\com\hp\composer\sdk\api\v1\resources
The SDK API Data structures - request and response payloads.
